Add networking requirements to Fusion Docs (#8651)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/install-fusion-cli.md

## Adapter installation

> Adapter drivers are **not** included in the Fusion binary. Instead, Fusion automatically downloads the correct [ADBC](https://arrow.apache.org/adbc/) adapter driver for your data platform the first time you run a dbt command (such as `dbt run`, `dbt debug`, or `dbt compile`). Fusion detects which adapter you need based on your `profiles.yml` configuration and downloads only that single driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database drivers used by adapters are **not** bundled in the Fusion binary. Instead, Fusion automatically downloads the correct [ADBC](https://arrow.apache.org/adbc/) driver for your data platform the first time you run a dbt command (such as `dbt run`, `dbt debug`, or `dbt compile`). Fusion detects which driver you need based on your `profiles.yml` configuration and downloads it from the dbt Labs CDN at the time of first connection. All checksums are distributed with Fusion itself to guarantee authenticity of the downloaded drivers.
```

:::tip

> In most cases, you don't need to do anything &mdash; Fusion handles adapter installation automatically on first use. The `dbt system install-drivers` command downloads **all** supported drivers (Snowflake, BigQuery, Postgres, Databricks, Redshift, DuckDB, and Salesforce) at once. This is only useful if you work across multiple data platforms and want to pre-cache every driver before going offline or switching projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you don't need to do anything &mdash; Fusion handles driver download automatically on first use. The `dbt system install-drivers` command downloads **all** supported drivers (Snowflake, BigQuery, Postgres, Databricks, Redshift, DuckDB, and Salesforce) at once. This is only useful if you work across multiple data platforms and want to pre-cache every driver before going offline or switching projects.
```

Reviewer: New versions of Fusion *might* need a driver version bump.

:::

### Network requirements {#adapter-network-requirements}

Adapter driver downloads require outbound HTTPS access to the dbt CDN:

| Resource | URL | Purpose |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Adapter drivers** | `https://public.cdn.getdbt.com` | Downloads ADBC adapter driver libraries (`.dylib`, `.so`, `.dll`) on first use or when running `dbt system install-drivers` |

:::caution Enterprise proxy considerations

> Adapter drivers are native shared libraries (`.dylib` on macOS, `.so` on Linux, `.dll` on Windows). Some enterprise proxy filters and security tools classify these file types as executables and may block the download &mdash; even if `public.cdn.getdbt.com` is allowlisted at the domain level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drivers are native shared libraries (`.dylib` on macOS, `.so` on Linux, `.dll` on Windows). Some enterprise proxy filters and security tools classify these file types as executables and may block the download &mdash; even if `public.cdn.getdbt.com` is allowlisted at the domain level.
```
